Dear ...,

Will India be Covid-19 free by September 2020? 

You must be wondering why I am asking this question. Not just me, lakhs of students across the country who are being forced to take exams in the middle of the pandemic, are asking the same.

We are being made to prioritize exams over our lives. 

Last week UGC has ordered all universities to conduct their final year exams by 30th September. This order has left the students worried. We are afraid that sitting in an exam hall full of people might result in our hospitalization. We are worried that we might carry the Covid-19 infection to our families back home. 

..., is it wise to ignore the physical and mental health of the students amidst all the fear and panic?

Please support me so that UGC takes their order back.

Sign to Help the Students

Big institutions like IIT have canceled their exams, then why can’t other universities do the same?

Canceling exams and scoring them on internal assessments will make things easy for all the students.

The administration knows that no Indian student is afraid of exams. We are not making excuses, we want to make a better future. It’ll only happen if we survive this pandemic. Sign my petition to support lakhs of Indian students who are facing this dilemma. 

..., try to keep yourself in the place of these students. Had you been from a small town or village, could you have taken online exams easily? The amount of fear of offline exams is almost equal to the number of questions and doubts about online exams. 

Not every Indian student has a smartphone and laptop. Online exams will be even more difficult for those students who do not have access to good internet. 

To stop this, I have started a petition on change.org. More than 2 lakh citizens have signed my petition. We need more support because I want our demand to reach the Ministry of HRD and UGC. They should know that we won’t stop till they listen to us and rollback their orders. Please sign and share my petition.

..., our country has the highest population of young people. Please sign this petition and share it with all your friends so that everyone knows that our young country stands with its youth even during a pandemic. 

A student, 
Rahul

Sign My Petition

Unsubscribe from emails like this
Unsubscribe from all Change.org emails
Manage your email preferences  ·  Privacy policy

We’d love to hear from you! Contact us through our help centre.

Change.org  ·  548 Market St #29993, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, USA 