

Postman
Software Engineer - Frontend

Bangalore, IN
Apply to this job
Job description

Postman is the only complete API development environment. Today we have 10 million developers and over 500K companies using our comprehensive set of built-in tools to support every stage of the API lifecycle. With Postman you can design, mock, debug, test, document, monitor, and publish your APIs all in one place.


We are looking for talented engineers with strong foundations who can learn and pick up new tools on the fly. We want you to share our passion for developing products that will help make the lives of API developers and consumers easier. You would be working with the latest web technologies to build new features, improve performance and reliability of existing features, and improve our development processes as we scale our company.





About the Team

We build and maintain the consumer facing products at Postman. We're a small team that learns from each other and iterates rapidly to make a large impact. Our products are written in React and Node.js.


A taste of what we do:


    8+ million users across all major OS platforms
    750+ components of React
    Multi-process application architecture
    Offline data storage on client-side
    Realtime synchronisation of data via WebSockets


You would be reporting to one of our Engineering Managers and working with these talented engineers.


http://blog.getpostman.com/2018/02/16/spotlight-on-engineering-kamalakannan/


https://blog.getpostman.com/2018/07/24/spotlight-on-engineering-ankit-muchhala/





Responsibilities

    Implement and maintain features, improve performance and quality of Postman's products
    Interact with Product, Design and Engineering teams to spec, build, test and deliver new features
    Improve quality and reliability by improving existing tests and writing new ones.

Requirements:

    2+ years of hands-on experience building applications on the web platform with JavaScript, HTML and CSS
    Strong product and design sensibilities and an obsessive attention to detail.
    You have a get-things-done attitude and deep empathy for users and fellow teammates.
    You can write testable, maintainable code that's easy to understand.
    Ability to take complex problems and break them down into smaller tasks.
    You have a curiosity about how things work.

Benefits:

This position will be located in Postman's beautiful office at 100 ft road, Indiranagar in Bangalore, where you'll find our fantastic perks including: complimentary meals and snacks, game room, ergonomic workstations, flexible hours, and endless cuddles from our endearing Chief Happiness Officer, Cooper (Cooper is a dog, by the way).

Our Values

At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also mistakes. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision as we continue to move forward. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.


And we want you to be part of it all.

Read more
Apply to this job
Unsubscribe  |   Help

You are receiving LinkedIn notification emails.


© 2020 LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2. LinkedIn is a registered business name of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.