I should start this calling you "my endless amazing pain too".
I have been with you since months and it's not logic to assume knowing you for good.
I don't know you deeply, though I'm striving to, I'm struggling to understand the weird part of you.
It hurts me the hell to keep pushing me away using these words, I have lost my first best friend too, 
I have experienced that harsh depressing pain too, I have my other best friend who is still suffering the chronic depression too; 
yes I have never been in depression but I felt that inner hurting pain of loss and being hurt by the only ones whom I had to give up on everything for their sake, for their own pleasure and happiness.

I have given up on everything for you including myself, 
I hanker to cut myself to feel that pain you have gone through, I don't hide from you, I trust you and count on you in whatever.
I did every possible thing to make you happy, I remember when we went on our first trip how bliss we were, how adventurous you were, how much trust you have given me, 
walking on the beach in an isolated area made me trust forever that your love is my right correct thing I have ever done in my life, giving me that warm hug that day each time reassured the trust and the love I felt toward you, walking holding your hand in Cons in our second trip while watching your magical smiles made me forget that I'm a stranger walking in foreign and dangerous streets, I liked to watch you enjoying your time in that Ottoman place and visualizing you as only a princess belonging to that era because your beauty depicts how unprecedented and unique you are.

I can't imagine life without you, I can't live without recalling our memories together and how you made that waiter pissed off when you poured that juice on the table, how you were playing with that fountain's water in the palace before the guards yelled at us, How I made you eat meat and drink natural tasteless juice, how I took pictures for you while you were not in the mood; I can never forget any single detail about you my love.

Last Tuesday; I cried and wept for your pains and tears that I couldn't wipe away, I belong to you in all my secrets and I want you to share your everything with me, I need you to do that, You said you want me happy so do it for my happiness. I love you more than anything else in the entire world and I can't destroy us, I never pictured myself breaking up with you or giving up on you, and you already know that I promised in silence to have you forever despite how different we can be for things will be perfect only by your side.

My love Ferry, I can't keep my distance, I can only make up with you; You understand everything from the look on my eyes toward you, you deeply know you can do it and trust me, please get rid of your fears with me, have faith in me as i do in you , please, I beg, beg ; beg you to treat me the way I treat you. I adore you, I'm mad about you I didn't lie to you ever and never will do ......I have shared my dreams, my fav songs, my dry sense of humor with you, for you the only one who laughs sincerely at my jokes, understands my words and my greek songs, tell me how I can live without you? I must admit how much I can't live without you ....I can hide my feelings and ignore you so perfectly, but I don't do that. Do you know why? because you deserve to have that amount of feelings, you deserve to enjoy being loved and cared about and for, you deserve to see to which extent you can change and make a person so clingy, yes i'm clingy when i'm with you, I can't get myself awya from you, I psycho love you..please don't promise me things that you are not convinced with, things that you change for me and not for yourself won't mean anything for both of us, except causing extra gaps between us.

Ferial, I hate seeing you feel miserable and wrathful on your life, you love that deep, that much I understand the way you look at love and how much destroyed and damaged you become when you get hurt by the ones you love, but please and million of pleases learn how to move on and heal your pains, let me in, trust that I can share things with you, trust that I'll do my best to be always there for you, even to lend you a shoulder to cery on and wipe those precious tears away, my angel, my butterfly, my black penguin, you should stay strong beautiful. Yes, I'm so jealous, so selfish,so possessive, so emotional when it comes to you I can't help it, I get angry even when you chose to be alone during your sadness rather than with me, I get jealous even from that loneliness you prefer rather than me, I always say I can't without you .... I can't stop thinking about you even when we are together, I can't stop myself not missing ...... I care about you with all my heart and there is nothing NO ONE that can keep us apart!
Love you forever,
Sweet Pie