I love you so much. Lyke i have told you a million times you are my world and i would die without you literally. I have issues telling people things about me but with you it's like second nature. When anything happens i instantly think oh i can't wait to tell you about this. You are in my mind 24/7 every hour of the day. I have gone like so many days right now without talking to you and it is killing me. if i could back and re-do everything that i have ever done wrong to you i would. there is only one thing in this world i have really not told you about and it is that without you i feel like no one, like i should not exist on this world. i have a kinda horrible life at my house and you always make me feel better. it's been a while since the two of us talked, who would have thought it would end up like this, where everything we talked about is gone, and the only chance we have of moving on, was trying to take it back before it all went wrong, before the worst, before we met, before to late , before too long, lets try to take it back before it all went wrong, there was a time that we'd stay up all night best-friends talking til the daylight , took the joys alongside the pain. that is us baby. that describes most of the things about us. every single word has a piece of us in it and writing this is kind of helping me. You say i have changed and we need to take a break and that kills me. i enjoy talking to you everyday and telling you about me, but lately it seems you have not been caring and now you do this. i have survived because i have an amazing friend to be there by me, 2 actually and one if them are your friends. i love him and he is so nice i have made him my new best friend and you will just be my friend if you ever let me talk to you again. i think we need to have a serious talk soon about us and how we are gonna make it work. we may have to take breaks, and we might have our issues, you may think it needs to end and never restart, we can fall apart but gravity brings us back... WHY ? we are best-friends , big bro and lil sis. your my nerd and you will be in my heart FOREVER <3 i love you.
